Name of the game: COIN COLLECTOR Mode of the project: Course project Programming language used: Python Characters: Monster and a Robot How many levels: 80

Description The main characters in this game are A monster and a robot: the robot should collect coins without getting touched by the monster. If the robot gets touched by the monster, it has to start the game again. There are 20 stages, and when you collect 5 coins in each stage, you move on to the next stage, and each stage gets harder and harder, and every stage has a color, and monsters will keep adding in every stage. When you level up near the total coins, there is an option called stages. You can see your current stage from that, and there is a timer. You have to pass many stages before the time runs out, and you can see the total number of coins you have collected. In the total coin option.

How To Play Objective • Collect a certain number of coins (5 coins) to advance to the next stage. • Avoid colliding with enemies that move around the screen. • Keep an eye on the timer; if it runs out, the game is over. Controls • Arrow Keys: Use the arrow keys on your keyboard to move the robot: • Left Arrow: Move left • Right Arrow: Move right • Up Arrow: Move up • Down Arrow: Move down Game Mechanics

Start Menu: When the game starts, you will see a title screen with a "Start Now" button. Click this button to begin the game.
Collecting Coins: Move the robot to collide with the coin. Each time you collect a coin, your score increases, and the coin will respawn in a new random location.
Enemies: Enemies will move around the screen. If you collide with an enemy, the game will end.
Timer: You have a limited amount of time to complete each stage. The timer decreases as you progress through the stages.
Stages: After collecting 5 coins, you will advance to the next stage. With each new stage, the game becomes more challenging as enemies increase in number and speed. Game Over • If you run out of time or collide with an enemy, the game will display a "GAME OVER!" message along with your final score. • You will have the option to restart the game or exit. Restart/Exit • After a game over, you can click the "Restart" button to play again or the "Exit" button to close the game. Tips • Try to avoid the enemies while maneuvering towards the coins. • Plan your moves to collect coins efficiently while keeping an eye on the enemies' positions.
Here you can acses the mooc-fi course Link:https://programming-24.mooc.fi/
